"Work of Hearts", as seen in the Assembly 2013 4k intro compo.
==============================================================

Author: qma     (my scene-comeback handle given to me at Stream Nine)

Known to civillians as:
        Paavo Nieminen <paavo.j.nieminen@jyu.fi>

Commits were pushed at 21:04, about ten minutes after the compo
finished.

The source repository is in https://yousource.it.jyu.fi/synti2 with
the synth and graphics. (Shaders, synth patches, and song are in the
directory example/a13_4k).

Artwork (the little that there was time for) was created live
on-screen at the sponsor stand of the Department of Mathematical
Information Technology of the University of Jyv채skyl채 (tietotekniikan
laitos / Jyv채skyl채n yliopisto). Most of the time was spent in meeting
the compo rule requirements (compo machine specs, screen size, 4k
limit), though. Question & answer -sessions were held every two hours
during Thursday and Friday at the party place. According to a
fair-play agreement, the final layout was developed off-screen.

Further info about the production:
==================================

The by-the-book raymarching engine was originally an example program
for the course "Tietokonegrafiikan perusteet" (Fundamentals of
Computer Graphics) held at our department during the Spring period
2013.

The software synthesizer 'synti2' has been my hobby project since a
couple of years. There will be one more change to the interface, and
after that I'll clean up the codes, redo the GUIs, and make my synth
world-usable. Later, if time allows, I'll re-code equivalent
functionality in x86-64 assembly. No promises about this. But there
will definitely be also synti3, later on.

Thanks:
=======

Work of Hearts would not have reached the screen at Assembly 2013
without the help of several people, most notably the following:

  - Mikko Rasa (tdb) provided a test machine at old-school area

  - Markus Moisio (avaruushirvi) provided another test machine

  - Samppa Hynninen provided yet another test machine

  - Juhani Haverinen instantly solved all my problems whenever I
    humbled myself to ask him. Dude, we really need you to study in
    our university when you reach that age!!!

  - The Compo crew of Assembly organizing. For a first-timer it was
    all very chaotic, but you were all extremely helpful.

Thanks for those involved, and everybody that voted for the
production! To reach the big screen in Assembly has been my secret
dream for 19 years. And to reach 9th place on the score list with my
first appearance is just absolutely breathtaking. My heart is with
you!

I'll be back with something more spectacular in the next 4k compo!

With love,
  qma
