Additional terms to augment the below (MIT) license: If you choose to
base a new "tiny demoscene product" on this example, I believe the
work will be derived in such magnitude that this original license is
likely not relevant anymore, so:

(1) you are hereby freed from the necessity of including this text,
even if the MIT license says so.

(2) I maintain that you should briefly credit me and also those whom I
have imitated here, if you find that this has been a useful basis of
derived work.

(3) I'm hereby crediting Markku Reunanen for nice examples of Linux 4k
intros and Brian Raiter for the "teensy ELF" tutorials using NASM. I
have used those to maximum extent while working on this.

(4) Also, please modify the artistic/creative parts enough to make
new, original content.

Other than that, please find the permissions and disclaimers of the
usual MIT License applicable to this production:

------------------- 

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (C) 2016 Paavo Nieminen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
